Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they'll never meet.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Want to hear a construction joke? Oh, never mind; I'm still working on that one.
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate the pizza before it was cool.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Why was the math book sad? Because it had too many problems.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What did one hat say to another hat? You stay here, I'll go on ahead!
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner's on me!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down.
Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don't work out.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired!
Why did the light bulb go to school? It wanted to be brighter!
Why did the coffee file a police report?because.. It got mugged!
Why did the Wi-Fi break up with the computer? because.It felt too much pressure to "connect."
Why did the biology student leave the party? Because there was no chemistry.
Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs!
Why did the lazy employee get promoted? The boss thought they were good at delegating tasks, but they were just negligent!
Doctor: "You need to stop drinking so much coffee." Patient: "Really? Why?" Doctor: "Because I'm trying to examine you!"
Patient: "Doctor, I'm addicted to Twitter." Doctor: "I see. I'm prescribing you a 140-character limit per day!"
Patient: "Doctor, I keep forgetting things." Doctor: "Since when?" Patient: "Since when what?
Son: "Dad, can you write in the dark?" Dad: "I think so. What do you want me to write?" Son: "Your name on this report card."
Son: "Dad, I'm hungry." Dad: "Hi Hungry, I'm Dad."
Wife: "Why don't you ever say what you're thinking?" Husband: "Honestly, I'm afraid you'll make me apologize for it."
Wife: "Why are you wearing your wedding ring on the wrong finger?" Husband: "Because I married the wrong woman."

I just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
The guy who stole my diary just died. Because My thoughts are with his family.
Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
At the job interview, they asked me, “Where do you see yourself in five years?”....I told him, “I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.”
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? It’s My foot.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars. Until I learned .they Wouldn’t support .Windows.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren't going to work out.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdaysI just got my doctor's test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor
What did the full glass say to the empty glass? You look drunk.
What did one wall say to the other? I'll meet you at the corner.
